Update Seq2SeqGenerator API documentation (#2970)
deepset-ai/haystack: docs/_src/api/api/generator.md

A generic sequence-to-sequence generator based on HuggingFace's transformers.

This generator supports all [Text2Text](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=text2text-generation) models

> from the HuggingFace hub. If the primary interface for the model specified by `model_name_or_path` constructor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from the Hugging Face hub. If the primary interface for the model specified by `model_name_or_path` constructor
```

> parameter is AutoModelForSeq2SeqLM from HuggingFace, then you can use it in this generator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameter is AutoModelForSeq2SeqLM from Hugging Face, then you can use it in this Generator.
```

For mode details on custom model input converters refer to _BartEli5Converter

> For a list of all text-generation models see https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=text2text-generation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a list of all text-generation models, see the [Hugging Face Model Hub](https://huggingface.co/models?pipeline_tag=text2text-generation)
```
